[DOCS] Documents output_field behavior after multiple inference runs (#111875)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/inference.asciidoc

Select the `content` field for inference and write the result to 
`content_embedding`.

> IMPORTANT: If the specified `output_field` already exists, it won't be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If the specified `output_field` already exists in the ingest document, it won't be overwritten.
```

> The {infer} results will be added alongside the existing fields within `output_field`, which could lead to duplicate fields and potential errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {infer} results will be appended to the existing fields within `output_field`, which could lead to duplicate fields and potential errors.
```

> To avoid this, remove the `output_field` before running {infer} again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this, use an unique `output_field` field name that does not clash with any existing fields.
```
